
[This hack references one of the suspects written about in this article.]


http://www.greenbaynewschron.com/news/page2.html

                                         Tuesday, April 27,1999

                                         The cause of the fire at
                                         Leicht's warehouse has been
                                         determined to be arson.
                                         (N-C Photo/ H. Marc Larson)

                   Leicht warehouse was torched
                   Fire officials will not discuss possible motives or suspects
                   By Ed Huyck
                   The News-Chronicle

                   The fire that destroyed a downtown warehouse and
                   caused at least $6 million in damage was set
                   intentionally, officials said Monday.

                   "We have eliminated all possible accidental causes,"
                   Green Bay Fire Chief John Troeger said about the fire
                   that has smoldered since Wednesday at the Leicht
                   Transfer & Storage Co. warehouse at 128 Dousman
                   St.

                   Officials were tight-lipped about how the fire may have
                   started, a motive or possible suspects. Arson is a class
                   "B" felony with a maximum prison sentence of 40 years.

                   Some of the accidental causes rejected include heating
                   equipment, the electrical system and products within the
                   warehouse, said Rodney Pevytoe, a special agent with
                   the Wisconsin Division of Criminal Investigation.

                   Leicht officials say it appears someone broke through a
                   door at the warehouse. But commenting now would be
                   premature, Pevytoe said. "We don't know if (the door)
                   was broken the night of the fire."

                   The fire was reported at 2:15 a.m. Wednesday. When
                   crews arrived at the scene, the warehouse was engulfed
                   in flames. An estimated 16,000 tons of wood pulp and
                   scrap paper burned.

                   The probe is being aided by the U.S. Bureau of
                   Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, which routinely helps
                   in the investigation of large fires. ATF agents
                   investigated throughout the weekend and could remain
                   on the scene for several more days, said Sonny Wilson,
                   the team supervisor with the ATF.

                   Green Bay fire crews have fought the fire since
                   Wednesday, with one crew remaining at the scene.
                   About $20,000 in overtime pay has been spent by the
                   department for the fire, Troeger said.

                   Having ATF agents at the scene has helped the
                   investigation, Troeger said. "If it had just been us, we
                   would have been overburdened," he said. People with
                   information and tips on the fire can call the Green Bay
                   Police Department tip line at 448-3236. There is also
                   an arson tip line that offers a $5,000 reward for
                   information at 1-800-362-3005.
