
   Defaced by slash [ 28.1.2000 ] Original site here
        www.ukrin.com  - Slash Hacker has a Windows NT Server at home. Why? Because he knows if he's
   going to hack NT he's best using the same type of computer...it gives him all the necessary tools. He
   has installed RAS and has a dial-up connection to the Internet. One morning, around 2:30am he dials
   into the Internet...his IP address is dynamically assigned to him. He opens up a Command Prompt
   window and gets down to work. He knows www.ukrin.com's web server is running IIS. How? Because he
   once did a search on "batch files as CGI" using Excites search engine. That phrase is in Chapter 8 of
   Internet Information Server's on-line help....and unfortunately it's been indexed by Excite's
   spider...now slash has a list of around 600 web servers running IIS.
   
   He ftps to www.ukrin.com. He isn't even sure yet if the server is running the ftp service. He knows
   if he gets a connection refused message it wont be...he's in luck though...the following appears on
   the screen :
   
   C:\ftp www.ukrin.com
   
   Connected to www.ukrin.com.
   
   220 webby Microsoft FTP Service (Version 3.0).
   
   User (www.ukrin.com:(none)):
   
   This connection message tells him something extremely important : The NetBIOS name of the server :
   WEBBY. From this he can deduce the name of the anonymous internet account that is used by NT to allow
   people to anonymously use the WWW, FTP and Gopher services on the machine. If the default account
   hasn't been changed, and he knows that it is very rare if it has been changed, the anonymous internet
   account will be called IUSR_WEBBY. This information will be needed later if he's to gain
   Administrator access to the machine. He enters "anonymous" as the user and the following appears :
   
   331 Anonymous access allowed, send identity (e-mail name) as password.
   
   Password:
   
    slash often tries the "guest" account before using "anonymous" as the user. A fresh install of NT
   has the "guest" account disabled but some admins enable this account.... and the funny thing is they
   usually put a weak password on it such as 'guest' or no password at all. If he manages to gain access
   to the ftp service with this account he has a valid NT user account....everything that the "guest"
   account has access to...so does slash, and sometimes that can be almost everything. He knows he can
   access their site now...but there is still a long way to go yet....even at this point he still might
   not get access. At this point he doesn't even supply a password...he just presses enter and gets a
   message stating that the Anonymous user is logged in. First off he types "cd /c" because some admins
   will make the root of the drive a virtual ftp directory and leave the default alias name : "/c". Next
   he sees whether he can actually "put" any files onto the site ie. is the write permission enabled for
   this ftp site. He's in luck. Next he types "dir" to see what he has access to. He chuckles to himself
   when he sees a directory called "CGI-BIN". Obviously the Webmaster of the NT machine has put this
   here with the rest of the WWW site so he can remotely make changes to it. slash knows that the
   CGI-BIN has the "Execute" permission so if he can manage to put any program in here he can run it
   from his web browser. He hopes that the Webmaster hasn't, using NTFS file-level security, cut off
   write access to the anonymous internet account to this directory...even though he knows there are
   sometimes ways round this. He changes to the CGI-BIN directory and then changes the type to I by
   using the command "binary". Then he types "put cmd.exe". He's in luck..he gets the following response
   :
   
   200 PORT command successful.
   
   150 Opening BINARY mode data connection for CMD.EXE.
   
   226 Transfer complete.
   
   208144 bytes sent in 0.06 seconds (3469.07 Kbytes/sec)
   
   Next he puts getadmin.exe and gasys.dll into the same directory. With these three files in place he
   doesn't even gracefully "close" the ftp session; he just closes the Command Prompt window. With a
   smile on his face he leans back and lights a smoke, savouring the moment...he knows he has them....
   After crunching the cigarette out in an overflowing ashtray he connects to his second ISP. He does
   this because if logging is enabled on the NT machine the IP address of ISP's proxy server will be
   left and not his own...not that it really matters because soon he'll edit the logfile and wipe all
   traces of his presence. Opening up the web browser he enters the following URL :
   
   http://www.ukrin.com/cgi-bin/getadmin.exe?IUSR_WEBBY
   
   After about a fifteen second wait the following appears on his web browser:
   
   CGI Error
   
   The specified CGI application misbehaved by not returning a complete set of HTTP headers. The headers
   it did return are:
   
   Congratulations , now account IUSR_WEBBY have administrator rights!
   
   He has just made the anonymous internet account a local administrator and consequently using this
   account he can do pretty much what he wants to. Firstly though, he has to create an account for
   himself that he can use to connect to the NT server using NT Explorer and most of the Administrative
   tools. He can't use the IUSR_SATURN account because he doesn't know the randomly generated password.
   To create an account he enters the following URL:
   
   http://www.ukrin.com/cgi-bin/cmd.exe?/c%20c:\winnt\system32\net.exe%20user%20xxx%20hacked%20/add
   
   He has just created an account called "xxx" with the password "hacked". To make the account a local
   administrator he enters the following URL:
   
   http://www.ukrin.com/cgi-bin/getadmin.exe?xxx
   
   It has taken him less than ten minutes to do all of this. He disconnects from his ISP and clicks on
   start, goes upto find and does a search for the computer www.ukrin.com. After about a minute the
   computer is found :
   
   Next he right clicks on the "computer" and then clicks on Explore. NT Explorer opens and after a
   little wait Alex is prompted for a user-name and password. He enters "xxx" and "hacked". Moments
   later he is connected. Admin rights for the computer www.ukrin.com are appended to his own security
   access token...now he can do anything. Using User Manager for Domains he can retrieve all the account
   information; he can connect to the Internet Service Manager; he can view Server Manager...first
   though, using NT Explorer he maps a drive to the hidden system share C$. He changes to the
   Winnt\system32\logfiles directory and opens up the logfile for that day. He deletes all of the log
   entries pertaining to his "visit" and saves it. If he gets any message about sharing violations all
   he has to do is change the date on the computer with the following URL:
   
   http://www.ukrin.com/cgi-bin/cmd.exe?/c%20date%2002/02/98
   
   Next, using the Registry Editor he connects to the registry on the remote computer. Then using
   L0phtcrack he dumps the SAM (the Security Accounts Manager - holds account info) on the NT server and
   begins cracking all the passwords on the machine. Using the Task Manager he sets the priority to Low
   because L0phtcrack is fairly processor intensive (NB L0phtcrack ver 2.0 sets the priority to Low
   anyway) and there is still a few thing he must do to hide the fact that that some-one has gained
   entry. He deletes cmd.exe, getadmin.exe and gasys.dll from the cgi-bin, then he checks the security
   event log for the remote NT server using Event Viewer to see if he's left any traces there. Finally
   using User Manager for Domains he removes admin rights from the IUSR_WEBBY account and deletes the
   xxx account he created a few moments earlier. He doesn't need this account anymore....L0phtcrack will
   be able to brute force all the accounts. Next time he connects to this machine it will be using the
   Administrator account. He breaks his connection to the Internet and sets 10phtcrack's priority to
   High, leaves it running and heads to bed...Looking at his alarm clock : it's just passed
   3:10am....Sighing to himself, he mumbles, "Sheesh, I'm getting slow!" and falls asleep with a grin on
   his face.
   
                                                                                        peace out,
   slash
   
   
   -
   Shoutouts
       - auto360, Team Echo, wyze1, p4riah, Analognet, LogError, zanith, v00d00, PHC,
   attrition.org, net-security.org, ex1t, sAs72, Cruciphux, HWA.hax0r.news, BHZ, SiRiUs, sLina,
   kLick_Mi, mosthated, pr1sm ,fuqraq, airWalk, [Princev], zeroeffect, and the whole BLN.
   
       - Yo, Pakistan HC sup with you ?! If You see this mail me.
   
        Links...
        - Attrition.org: Keep up the good work fellows
        - HelpNet Security: The best news site on the net
        - BLack Lava Network: BLN for life !!!
   
                                             Copyright © slash
   Penetrating systems since 1998
