Tiger Flashback‘89 SEC Championsby Ryan PowellA chance for three consecutive SEC Championships hung in the balance for Auburn as the Alabama Crimson Tide entered the 1989 game for their first ever appearance at Jordan-Hare Stadium with an unblemished 10-0 record and poised for another national championship run.The Tigers, under the guidance of head coach Pat Dye, were working on an impressive season of their own. Entering the game with an 8-2 record and with a victory over Alabama, the Tigers would share the SEC crown with the Crimson Tide.Auburn held a 17-10 advantage midway through the fourth quarter when tailback Darrell Williams scampered 12 yards into the endzone to give the Tigers a 14-point lead over the Crimson Tide.Williams’ touchdown turned out to be the game winning score, as the Tigers secured their third-consecutive SEC Championship with a 30-20 decision.The victory over Alabama capped off a 9-2 campaign for the squad from the Plains. With a share of the SEC title in hand, the Tigers earned a trip to Tampa Bay, Fla., for the Hall of Fame Bowl against Ohio State. The 31-14 victory over the Buckeyes gave the Tigers a 10-2 record, marking the seventh time in school history and fourth under Dye that an Auburn team ended the season with double-digit victories.Following a disappointing 22-14 loss to Florida State earlier in the season, the Tigers blanked the Mississippi State Bulldogs 14-0 as they geared towards a match-up with the Florida Gators.The Gators were led by one of the nation’s most feared tailbacks in Emmitt Smith, but a stifling Tiger defense stepped up to the challenge. Smith was held to 86 yards rushing as the defense put the pressure on the Auburn offense to salvage the game.The Tiger offense delivered with 26 seconds remaining in the game and Florida leading 7-3, senior quarterback Reggie Slack found Shayne Wasden in the endzone for the game-winning score to give Auburn a thrilling 10-7 victory.“The defense kept us in the Florida game the whole way,” Wasden said of his game-winning touchdown catch. “We were struggling offensively up to that point, but it gave us some confidence and a boost for the rest of the year.”The Tigers concluded the 1989 season with a six-game winning streak in part due to a defense that posted two shutouts on the season and allowed six points or less three other times. Auburn opened the season by shutting out Pacific 55-0.Leading the Tigers on offense during the 1989 season were a pair of running backs, James Joseph, who gained 831 yards on the ground, and Stacy Danley, who racked up 682 yards. Quarterback Reggie Slack threw for just under 2,000 yards, finishing the campaign with 1,996 and 11 touchdown passes. Inside linebacker Quentin Riggins led the team in tackles with 165 on the season with a pair of sacks.Auburn’s three consecutive SEC Championships is a feat accomplished by only two other schools in the 66-year history of SEC football – three times by Alabama and once by Florida in the mid-1990s.“When you are playing, you don’t realize how special it is,” Wasden said. “Auburn hasn’t won an SEC Championship since then and you realize just how difficult of a feat it is.”