Behind the Scnes

Air Knox
Auburn Receivers Coach Greg Knox

by Jennifer Cooper

Auburn receivers coach Greg Knox knew when he came to Auburn there was work to be done.  With the graduation of outstanding wide receiver Karsten Bailey and an inexperienced receiving corps returning, Knox had a major task ahead of him. And after the offensive showing that the receivers have put together in the first three games, the Auburn family can surely be confident in the talents of Knox and his pupils. In three short games, a trio of freshmen--Ronney Daniels, Marcel Willis, and Travaris Robinson-- have had the deepest impact on the Tigers' offensive numbers.  
The three have combined for nearly half of the receivers' output with 19 catches, 353 yards, and four touchdowns.  The improvement and surprise showing of these players can be attributed to the talents and efforts of Knox and the hard work put in by the players.
Knox feels that the difference in the receiving corps from the spring to the fall was its opportunity to mature.
"During the spring they were still learning how to be a receiver and learning the fundamentals of what it takes to play the position," Knox said.
 "In the spring we were really taking baby steps.  We were learning one step at a time."  
While most Auburn students had a relaxing summer, Knox's players spent the days watching film, running routes and pass catching drills.  
The 36-year-old Knox, along with eight other Auburn football coaches, found his way to the Plains when Tommy Tuberville was named the Tigers new head coach in November.  From 1995 to 1998, Knox served as Tuberville's wide receivers coach at Ole Miss.  In 1996 he was given the responsibility to also serve as recruiting coordinator.
A Rosebud, Texas, native, Knox began his football career in 1982 at Northeastern State in Tahlequah, Okla.  After four seasons as the Redmonds' quarterback, Knox earned a bachelor of science degree in education. While pursuing his masters degree, Knox began serving as the running backs, special teams, and quarterback coach for his alma mater in 1988.  
Two years later Knox accepted a job as secondary and special teams coach for then head coach Jim Wacker at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth, Texas.  It was at TCU where he began working with fellow Auburn coaches Noel Mazzone, Hugh Nall, and Joe Pannunzio.
Following his graduate assistantship at TCU, Knox moved east in the Lone Star State to Nacogdoches, Texas, where he served as receivers and special teams coach for the Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks.  
After the 1994 season, Knox received a phone call from Mazzone, then offensive coordinator at Minnesota, asking if he was interested in a  job at Ole Miss. He drove two hours from SFA to Texas A&M where Tommy Tuberville, then the defensive coordinator at Texas A&M, interviewed Knox and told him to pack his bags for Oxford.
The Tigers new coaches had a running start at preparations for the 1999 season.  Much of their ability to accomplish so much within the program in such a short time can be attributed to this staff's previous experience with each other.  
"We didn't  have to change a lot," Knox said.  "We didn't have to spend time making sure everyone knew what was going on.  We know exactly what we are doing and what our responsibilities are. It made the transition easy."
According to Knox, Auburn's program possesses some positive differences from the other schools he's coached at.
 "The number of support staff we have here, as far as office administration, academics, and the total organization as a whole is run on a professional level," said Knox. "That part has really been impressive to me. We enjoy the large crowds and the support from alumni and fans.  That's one of the big differences we see as a staff, the support we have around here."
Knox characterizes his first game day activities as an Auburn coach as "definitely unique".  
"We enjoyed it.  It was a great feeling.  Game one was a great turnout," Knox said.  "I didn't really expect to have that many fans at the Appalachian State game.  The enthusiasm has really been great and we hope that we can continue to have that support."