cover story

Marcus Washington
Defensive End

by Melissa Britts

If fans were in attendance at Auburn home football games ten years ago, they may remember a young Marcus Washington as the guy who sold them their game program. Today he is no longer selling programs, but showing up on the cover of them. 
Born and raised in Auburn, Washington spent four years selling programs at Auburn football games as a way to make money and see his hometown team play. Amazingly, Washington didn't play organized football until he was in the seventh grade. 
While all of his classmates were playing football in the sixth grade, Washington was instead selling programs, never thinking that he might one day get to play for Auburn.
"The thought of playing football at Auburn never really crossed my mind," Washington said of his program-selling days.
Finally Washington decided to quit playing football on the recess ground and decided to be like the rest of the kids by joining the junior high football team.
Washington's football career continued in to high school.  He was a jack-of all-trades, playing several different positions such as cornerback, tight end, wide receiver, and safety.    
As his high school career wound down, many people thought he would never be able to play at the Division I level. Some people said he was too small and skinny.
"I came out of high school weighing around 200 pounds," Washington said. "But Coach Whitt said I would weigh 240 pounds one day. Coach Whitt had faith in me. It was hard at first to learn all the plays, but things got better and today I weigh 240 pounds." 
Washington set his goals high, believed in himself, and is now looking towards continuing his future in football after his playing days at Auburn end this year. Not only did Washington show people he could play at a Division I school, but he has had a solid career along the way. 
When the Auburn football schedule cards came out this past summer Washington was the featured player on the card.
"I didn't even know I was going to be on the schedule cards," Washington said. "A friend told me I was on them and I didn't believe him until I actually saw them."
Not bad for the hometown guy who came to Auburn not knowing what position he would play or if he would play at all.
Washington didn't feel the need to leave his hometown to play college football. Despite the fact that numerous schools contacted him about leaving his home to play elsewhere, he stuck around and committed to play at Auburn.
"A lot of people were telling me to go to school elsewhere, and a lot of people were telling me to stay," Washington said. "I just felt better staying at home."
Remaining in Auburn has allowed Washington to do lots of things that players who live far away can not do. Whenever he needs anything from his home, it's only a short drive away. 
"I can go home to get money, food, or whatever, and whenever I need to," Washington stated. "I love to be able to jump in my car and drive home to get some of my mom's potato salad at any time. It is great that my parents are right here to take care of me. I don't make my mom do my laundry though. I do that on my own."
Washington's roommate is starting cornerback Rodney Crayton. Crayton, like Washington, is also close to home as he hails from Dadeville. 
Washington and Crayton met during their junior year of high school at Boy's State and were roommates for only a night there. When they came to Auburn to play football the next year, they were paired up to live together in the Sewell Hall Dorm. They have been inseparable ever since. 
Along with another hometown player, wide receiver Joe Whitt, the trio can be found spending time together off the field doing anything from talking to taking trips to the beach.    
"I've been blessed to have made a lot of close friends on this team," Washington said.  "I know that we will keep in touch long after our playing days are over."
In addition to achieving his goals on the field, Washington has also set goals for himself off the field. Plans for his future are first and foremost to graduate with a degree in wildlife science. His mom will help see to that. 
"My mom would be very mad if I didn't graduate," Washington said. "I want to get my degree."
Quite a difference from the kid who used to hate reading.
"My dad would make me read when I was younger," Washington said. "He would always make me bring a book home from the library to read. I kept on bringing home Green Eggs and Ham and eventually had it memorized." 
Washington's love for the outdoors, along with his dream as a child to be an archaeologist like Indiana Jones, led him to choose wildlife science as a major. Washington sees himself possibly working in a National Forest or working with a government related agency that keeps people from smuggling foreign animals into the country.
Of course his more immediate plans are to play football at the next level. If that doesn't happen though he won't feel bad because he knows he has given it his best. He hopes though that all of his hard work will pay off when he reaches his dreams of moving on with his football career after he leaves the Plains.    
"You can reach your dreams no matter who you are," Washington said. "You just have to set your goals high and you can accomplish anything." 
As Washington looks back on his collegiate days he recalls many memorable moments surrounding him and his friends on the football team. Whenever they have free time they enjoy getting together and playing Playstation or just hanging out. These memories of time spent with teammates and friends are irreplaceable. 
"I will never forget when it snowed one time at the dorm and there was a big snowball fight with everyone," Washington recalls. "Snow is a rare occasion in Auburn so that made the snowball fight even more fun. My best friends in the world are these guys whom I will never forget."
Washington will also take with him many memories from his football career. He believes there have been some good and bad times but he has definitely enjoyed his career as an Auburn football player.  
No longer is the kid around who used to sell programs with his friends in order to get in the games for free. 
Instead, he's a starter for the Auburn football team and  appears on the football programs. The days of selling programs are just a memory as the hometown kid now plays for the hometown team.