To Whom It May Concern;

The hacker named 'vent' from the group 'Level Seven' is nothing but a
fraud. Vent claims to have hacked sights run by NASA, The Linux
Headquarters, and other government sites. The NASA site hacked by Level
Seven (caster.gsfc.nasa.gov) was nothing more then a fluke. It happens
that I scanned that IP and I saw a root backdoor open on port 600. I then
sent a letter to the admin of that box stating that there was a backdoor
open and there were many other security breeches on the system. It happens
that I was friends with vent at this time, And I sent the mail through his
SMTP server (vent-soft.com) and he went through my mail, logged on through
the backdoor, and defaced the page. As for the Linux Headquarters site
(LinuxHQ.org) This was so much of a lie I cannot/will not stand for it.
This system is owned/operated by a close personal friend of mine (Taylor
Kimball) Taylor gave me the password to his system to grab a file that was
on that system. Vent also needed the file, so I gave him the password so
he could grab it. In doing this, he noticed that the HTML for LinuxHQ.org
was in /home/taylor/public_html, that account I had given his access to,
and he defaced the page without hacking the box. He just used the password
I gave him. Concerning the 2 recent Government sites Level Seven has
hacked (www.usembassy-china.gov ; www.fgdc.gov) VENT DID NOT HACK THESE
SYSTEMS. When on LinuxHQ.org, Vent happened to grab a file called
'solroots'. This was a List of NN/gH hacked systems that showed the
backdoor to get root on them. Vent simply connected to these roots using
the given backdoors, defaced the sites, and said that his group had hacked
them. Furthermore, he said that he had hacked/secured the boxes and did
not delete anything. gH secured these box's and left everything intact.
When vent logged in, He deleted all the logs on the system, further
compromising its security. Vent also claims that he is 'a security
consultant and web designer making $250k a year' This is completely and
utterly FALSE. It happens that vents current job is a crewmember at
McDonalds, making minimum wage, not a security consultant. And as for his
web design company, Vents page (www.vent-soft.com) is hosted on his cable
modem, and has only had one customer...EVER. The truth is that vent is a
racist, chain smoking 19 year old boy with no talent. He comes on to IRC
to beg others for roots, or use legit access to a box to steal them. He is
just a person that loves to be in the media and cant do it on his own.

-Thank you
-JH (alert@pimped.org)
-If you have questions/comments about vent, please E-Mail me or contact me
as 'alert' on EFNet IRC.

