+-+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|S|---------[The Holy Bible © 1997-1998 Self-Induced Negativity]-----------| 
+-+-----------------------[Whiteboy Revolution 1-3]------------------------+ 
|I|------------------------------[By: sewid]-------------------------------|
+-+--------------------[Released: November 28, 1999]-----------------------+
|N|-----------------------[http://www.sinnerz.com]-------------------------|
+-+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

(This was a brief series that went on the SIN mailing list)


Hello fellow oppressed white male readers. I welcome thee unto the first
installation of a hopefully concurrent spawning of monthly newsletters..

    First off I would like to give a general briefing of what this
newsletter is all about.

    The Whiteboy revolution is general sum-up of an ongoing battle between
the self proclaimed minorities such as african's, females, lesbians, and
homosexual's, and the not much talked about subject of whiteboy oppression.

    To be fair to the rest of the non-white-male audience I have supplied
you with the proper ascii notation "fuck off" insignia, you may now place "I
was told to fuck off on the SIN mailing list" on your email clients
signature file.

Why its getting harder to be white and male in this prodomently black/female
society?
AKA: The Whiteboy manifesto.

    Turn on the television my fellow whiteboys. What do you see? I see
female activists hating male's, I see black males and females making fun of
us silly white boys. Yet we ignore, we retract and we dont retaliate. Simple
fact of the matter is, if we went up on stage, poked fun at a certian group
of people, race, sex, what have you, we would be put down, labeled as a
"racist", "sexist" pig.

    Thanks to the Politically Correct society that americans have
established, white males have to fear what they say, and what they do in
order to conform to the PC idealistics. If a black man walks down the street
yells to his homies "YO NIGGA WUSSUP?" what happens? Usually the retort is
an exact ditto. Ok monkey's go sit in a corner and look stupid. If a
whiteboy walked up to a group of africans and yelled out the same comment as
the previous black man what happens? Gats get pulled, smack gets laid, and
since they travel in packs, you are taken out from all sides.

    Now, switch the rolls once again. A simple situation, a group of white
males, a group of black males, a black male yells to the white male group
"YO HONKEY'S!". End of story, the black male called the white male group a
bunch of honkies. The reason no retailiation was made could be one of these
three reasons.

1) White males generally dont give a shit, words are words, they mean
nothing, actions speak louder then words.
2) All white males know that African's who would yell out honkey to a
prodominantly white crowd have to be of a lower life form, thus white males
just cannot be bothered with such evolutionary infancy.
3) Even in extreme cases such as this, DOING ANYTHING WOULD BE UNJUST IN THE
PC SOCIETY WE LIVE IN NOW. It's not racist for a black man to call a white
man a honkey!

    Females, of any race, ethnic origin, I ask of you this...WHY DONT YOU
LEAVE THE FUCKING SEAT UP? Im tired of hearing you all whine and groan about
how men should leave the seat up in the bathroom. God forbid you might fall
in and finally get rid of some of you! You know why us male's call you
bitches? Its what seems to be spewed forth from out of your mouth 24 fucking
7!

    PMS is a fraud, made up by some middle aged angst ridden woman who wants
a good excuse that she knows the average male wouldnt understand, to bitch
and complain about every single detail that goes on in her life. In some
cases you can say PMS is an overlooked conspiracy. Infact, right now right
here, I have PMS. Its not pre menstrial or whatever, it has nothign to do
with physical changes of the body, its becuase I feel like bitching! I now
pronounce a new form of PMS, the whiteboy PMS syndrome! Hows that? Now us
white males have an excuse to bitch and moan.

    Black's/Females are not the minority anymore, its the hard working male
who is now under the chains of an invisible P.C. slavery. I think every P.C.
advocate should smoke a bag of straight PCP then tell me about "getting
along" cuz I'm tired of the bullshit..Its time for a revolution!


-------------------------



The White Boy Revolution
Number 2
Volume 1

Table of Contents:
1. Introduction
2. The Mail Bag (AO Style)
3. WbR Exclusive: The Martin Luther King coverup scandal.

Introduction:
    Yes, it has only been 24 hours since the last installment of the White
Boy revolution newsletter, but today we have an exclusive article which
needs to be told ASAP! The oppression is becoming a plauge fellow whiteboys,
we must fight and we must become a power which cannot be handled
anymore..Bring back the old school people! Make it so! Make it be! Put
slavery BACK into the voting polls!

The Mail Bag:
From: Monaro <Monaro@xtra.co.nz>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.6 [en] (Win95; I)
To: Mark T. <mark@segv.net>
Subject: Negro American's

    Biased to what I may say to you on the SIN mailing list, I belive that
you are correct, Infact I will personally go assassinate a group of right
winged feminists in your name! I will let the blood bleed of an unworthy
female slut who deserves nothing but a black eye and a dick up her anal
cavity. Yes we all bleed the same color, but it's funnier when its coming
out of some poor sap of a black male!

FIGHT THE POWER MARK,
Monaro

WBR Reply: We here at the whiteboy revolution newsletter head quarters just
love people like you. You might just be one person, but you are one of a
million white males of this black/female dominating society, its comments
like these that make writing this newsletter all the worth while!

The Martin Luther King cover-up Scandal:

    Today, local informants have notified me of evidence that The supposed
"assasination" of Martin Luther King is a fraud! The truth of the matter is,
on that day of 1968 Dr. Martin Luther King jr. Commited sucide after
realizing himself that he was wrong all along! He realized all of his
speeches and topics that he covered were all bullshit, meaningless, he was
mearly feeding into the hype and lies of American Society. This is somthing
I myself could not even live with bearing on my back. So he took his life
into his own hands.

    Yet, just how did they cover this up? They blamed a WHITE MALE! Why?
Because were here and were vunerable. African society belived that it would
make a bigger impact on US history if they made a money grubbing, violent,
anarchist protester, look like a prominant, peaceful black rights activist,
who was wrongfully shot by an evil hatefull white man. An innocent WB went
to jail here! Do you see the justice in this? I for one see none!

    The staff at the whiteboy revolution headquarters tried to get in
contact with a few of Mr. Kings decendents to get some comments. We found
one living Nephew living in the LA California Area who was willing to spare
us some time to talk with him. This fellow goes by the name of Rodney. Here
is an ascii notation of our short telephone conversation.

WbR: Hello Mr. King, May I call you Rodney?
Rodney: Sho 'Nuff!
*sucking sounds in the background*
WbR: What was that noise?
Rodney: What you talkin bout foo?
*voice of a woman asking for rodney to pass the crack pipe*
WbR: Did she say crack pipe?
Rodney: You crackah motha fucka, I shoul come up dere and pimpslap yo ass!
*voice of woman querying rodney once again for the crack pipe*
*sounds of a scuffle and a loud slapping sound, then a shriek*
WbR: what was that?
Rodney: I had ta put muh bitch in line!
WbR: Oh I can relate! Well What do you think of the recent allogations that
your uncle Dr. Martin Luther King jr. was not shot by a white guy but
infact shot himself after realizing that he was wrong?
Rodney: what yoo talkin bout willis? YOU WHITE FOLK SURE ARE DUMB YO!
WbR: Hows that?
Rodney: I be knowin bout dat shit fo years. I has ta go now, got mad drinkin
and drivin ta do!
WbR: Can we have our bike back?
Rodney: Naa yo, I stole dat shit fair and square foo!

    There you have it, from the mouth of Rodney King himself, let the truth
be told, and known!

    I, myself am not too suprised on the topic of this late breaking news
reel. I saw it from a million miles away. Not a day goes by that I dont see
some story seeping out into the public about the judicial rape us white men
are suffering. When are we going to learn that this type of slanderous
execution should not be tolorated???? The choice is yours, fellow white
males, either you wake up and take a stand or be man meat for all the PC
asswipes in this society!


--------------------



Table of contents:
1... Introduction - WbR Staff
2... A vent of anger (fuck the opposition) - WbR Staff
3... Blacker Vs. Cracker (The age old holywar) - Fluff
4... Preview of things to come. - WbR Staff




[ Introduction ]
        Welcome to yet another great release of the White Boy Revolution. Here
to antagonize and piss off we bring you only the best. You thought it was gone?
No no young bucky, I just havnt had the time to write up such fantastic
literature! 


[ A vent of anger (Fuck the opposition) ]
        It has come to the W.b.R. staff's attention that people on this list
think that the White Boy Revolution is somewhat "racist" and or "sexist". My
retort? Well. let me think, NO. We are simply giving you the other side of the
story. Female comedians sit around and talk trash on men, african american's
sit around, talk trash on white people, its pathetic but Ive seen white men
make fun and slander white males!

        I had a chance to sit down with an african american male last weekend
and have a thourough discussion with him. Not chit chat bullshit like religion,
music and bullshit, but a hard core race/sex discussion. Me trying to brauden
my horizon's, I talked to him as a human being, but with complete honesty, and
so did he.

        The conversation started out normally, with discussions on what he
thought about racism in america, of course he thought the black man was
oppressed and he is still hurt from his supposed "slavery" (notice this man was
22 years old). Then we got into the age old discussion about TV, specifically
the B.E.T. (Black Entertainment Channel) which shows only programs with african
american people (Movies, general shows, and music video's). I asked him bluntly
"What if I decided to go out and start the White Entertainment Channel, what
would you think of that?" His responce was good. 

        "That would be semi-racist, look at it this way, what do you see on
all the other channels besides BET? White people"

        Well that WOULD be a good answer except it seems as if this man hasnt
turned on the tv in the past decade. I remember as a kid see'ing prime time
shows such as "Give Me A Break", "In Living Color", "Differnt Strokes", and
newer shows such as "Martin", The entire WB Network (all shows based on african
americans!), and we can never forget FOX's long running show "COPS", africans
are all over that show! The list goes on and on, and I made this point to him.
He had no real intelligent reply that I can remember offhand. that subject
quickly became defunked and he was debunked.

        The slavery issue then came up, telling me how my ansestor's enslaved
his ansestor's. I once again replied. 

        "No, My family is now, and has always been in Penn. Pennsylvania faught
for the north, they faught for the slaves freedom, Ive done checking and Ive
traced our family tree, nobody in my family ever faught for the south. Hundreds
of thousands of white americans, died for your freedom."

        "Im generalizing"
        "No your not your blaming"
        "...."
        "If you want to go that far into blaming, Egyptions were
charicteristically black, Egyptions enslaved charicteralistically white people,
so I now blame all black people for the oppression of white people long ago"
        "Egyptions never enslaved whites"
        "Yes they did, read a history book"

        What the WbR staff belives is that African Americans are no longer
"oppressed" as some put it, but mearly whiny. We are not saying that Africans
started AIDS, that stupid, I dont belive the government invented crack in order
to kill off the blacks, thats an excuse, I know more white people on crack then
blacks at this point in time. I have several co-workers whom I respect and
enjoy being around who are black, I even have fucking family members who are
black, BELIVE IT OR NOT I EVEN HAVE FAMILY MEMBERS WHO ARE FEMALE AND BLACK!

You can say Im generalizing against an entire race and an entire sex of
individual's but lets look at the facts, blacks do the same thing to whites,
and get away with it scott free, infact they have the entire country backing
them, the same exact thing goes for the female species of human beings. The
reason you all hate the WbR is becuase you were all brought up to belive that
being white and proud is bad, being black and proud is tolerated, being female
and proud is great.

What we are saying is that being proud of yourself is not egotysm, its pride.
Being proud of who you are, your ethnic origin and your sexual being should not
be a double standard! Affirmative Action is a bluntly racist and sexest
concept, anymore, the White male is the minority, infact I just changed my
mind. Fuck all minorities, fuck them becuase there is no such thing, its a
pitty vote. Who in their right mind would be proud to get a job just based on
their sex or their race? A-PITTY-FUCKING-VOTE.

[ Blacker vs. Cracker ]

This has been an age old discussion slash argument between two opposing views.
I will try to put these views to rest in two paragraph's.

A "Blacker" is a person who is so whiggity black that his NWA Friends even go
"DAT HOMIE IS BEIN MAD BLACK PHAT YO". In most cases an ethical being who see's
the world has an oppressive hole of white honkey's. Usually found spraypainting
"KILL WHITEY" on local ghetto walls where white people dont usually show their
face (the intelligence stops where the brain starts).

A "Cracker" is an unethical person who is only out there to kill, maim, and
destroy all the "Blacker's" A cracker is usually found in southern most states
of the united states, having cookouts, flag, and cross burnings. A highly
disorginized set of white males who belive that hiding their face under a
pointy hat will provide them protection against the "Blacker's"

Blackers and Crackers are notoriusly known to be born enemy's. The reason is
quite clear why. 

[ Preview of Things to Come ]

Lesbian, black, female, transexual's: KILL 'EM ALL
Jerry Springer: Another reason White people are Minorities
The Hitler/Walt Disney Conspiracy
KILL BLACKEY!
Deuch Blaster Schematics.