+-+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|S|---------[The Holy Bible © 1997-2000 Self-Induced Negativity]-----------| 
+-+---------------------[Your god can suck my cock!]-----------------------+ 
|I|-------------------------[By: Fucking Hostile]--------------------------|
+-+--------------------[Released: December 20, 1999]-----------------------+
|N|-----------------------[http://www.sinnerz.com]-------------------------|
+-+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

I have written before my thoughts on religion and the belief of God. This 
was several years ago and it was written rather quickly and poorly. So this
text will just expand on some of my thoughts.

I have been involved in several debates on religion with not Christians, 
Muslims, Hindus, and people who just believe in "some higher power." These 
debates for the most part go nowhere. No one will change how I feel, and the
majority of theist fall back on the saying "God(s) can do anything." Which
is a total cop-out but that is what they use. They do get quite frustrated
if you happen to mention a logically-impossible to them. For example the
Rock question(commonly used during debates):

	-If God can create a rock too heavy to lift, then he is not 
	 omnipotent because he cannot lift a certain rock. 
           
	-If God cannot create a rock too heavy to lift, then he is not 
	 omnipotent because he is unable to create a certain rock. 

Is there an answer to this or other logically-impossible questions? Nope.
Of course this is not convincing proof as explained better on other pages
such as the Wasteland of Wonders(www.abarnett.demon.co.uk/atheism).

But debates get even deeper then this and the theist continually attempt 
to talk their way around facts. A good debate to see an example of this
is on our mailing list page in the archives. 

People often wonder why I am so vocal in my opposition to religion and the
belief of any deity. That is easy, I think the world would be a better 
place with out religion. The personal belief of a God as not as damaging as
organized religion, but I will go further into that later.

Religion is easily the greatest evil in history and even today. Organized
religion has been responsible for the greatest amount of death and hate.
Think of the Crusades, the terrorist attacks by fundamentalist, the
Inquisition, and the burning of people believed to be witches. This is 
somehting else I won't go into detail on because it can be found written
even better at the URL I listed above. 

So, organized religion is bad, but what about the individuals belief in
God/s? The problem with this, it blocks the ability for one to be completly
rational and question different ideas. Many people who do no harm too others
and don't belong to a religion don't questions things because of their
personal belief in a deity. This is just bad for them right? Wrong. What
if because of their lack of this simple ability to question things that
are not fully understand society actually misses out? An example of this
is Columbus and the world being round. While many people before Columbus
knew the world was round(several of the ancient Greek philosphers), he is 
the one most notible for proving it. Let us suppose he believed the world
was flat(which many people of the time established the belief from the bible
and/or the Church). He would not have attempted to sail around the world had
he not questioned the common belief. It is possible that the only people in
America today would be the native americans who were already inhabiting the
continent. That is just a small example, there are many more. The point is
what if today someone who could possibly discover something that is good 
for the world is instead not not discovering anything because it causes
him/her to question his belief. 

Another thing that really bothers me is that people who e-mail me and say
"Oh, you just haven't seen the way of the lord." They think I never
believed or never truly knew about God... yadda yadda. I went to a christian
school when I was younger, I also attended Church frequently. I am a 
Christian turned atheist. The majorirty of Atheist are ones who used reason
to come to their current positions of not believing ANY higher power, and
at one time believed in some god without a doubt. You hear of many christians
turned atheist, but you do not hear of many atheist turned christian.

Why is it that a Church never reads the "evil" parts of the bible that are
promoted by God? (The same can be asked for the evils of the Quron that many
Muslims choose to ignore). Church is supposed to be a happy place where
the christians gather and share in the joy of their belief... imagine the
look on the faces of many adults and children when the bible passages telling
of rape, murder, slavery, and hate all in the name of God. I bet many
christian children would lose sleep if they knew that God was a frequent 
supporter of killing children. How would the wives feel when the passages
are read telling of how they are inferior to their husbands? Don't believe
these quotes exsist? Look them up on your own:

http://www.continet.com/miller4/bibquo.htm

This country was founded on people who wanted to get away from religion
oppression, yet we have huge groups of christians who are threatening
the freedom of all who don't believe the same as they do. I will say
this, many people of different beliefs such as christianity and islam are
cool people and don't try to force their beliefs on to others, but the
largest group of people who do try force their beliefs is the Christians. 
If you don't like porn or bad language or whatever then FINE! That is your
choice, but don't try to tell me what I can or can't indulge in. 

It is 3 AM so I am going to end this now, but I have a lot more on mind
concerning theism, so maybe in another few years I will take the time
to writre more on it.