+-+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|S|---------[The Holy Bible © 1998-1999 Self-Induced Negativity]-----------| 
+-+---------------[Self-misunderstood Cerebral Masturbation]---------------+ 
|I|-------------------------[By: Fucking Hostile]--------------------------|
+-+----------------------[Released: April 22, 1999]------------------------+
|N|-----------------------[http://www.sinnerz.com]-------------------------|
+-+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

I don't know where exactly I am going to go with this but I have a shitload
of thoughts in my head right now and I figure fuck it.. might as well write 
them down.

So we had this whole crisis in Colorado with 2 kids who are said to be part
of a group called the "trenchcoat mafia". They were supposidly losers and 
made fun of by everyone so they decided to get even. Well I have a couple
thoughts on this.

1. Maybe now people will think twice before making fun of people.

	- I am in no way justifying what they did. I think it was terrible 
	  and wrong. You don't just kill people because you get pissed off.
	  At the same time there were people who have feelings just like
	  everyone else and no one likes having them hurt. People think
	  that just because someone is different that they aren't human. 
	  That is just totally fucked up.

2. Getting made fun of does in no way justify murder.

	- Think about it.. who hasn't at sometime in there life made fun
	  of someone? Who hasn't judged someone just by looking at them? 
	  I am sure everyone one of you have. I have... with out really
	  knowing the people they shouldn't be labeled.. but the fact is
	  it happens all the time and everyone does it. If you want to
	  get back at people for it then do it by using your brain not a
	  gun. 

I guess I really don't think they were born killers. I think that the 
people around them and society today is what turned them into the killers
that everyone is talking about.

Now on to the other part of this. The news is talking about creating more
gun control laws and putting more cameras in schools and other shit.

The cameras in school and gun laws as they are now will not work. This 
might work for some people.. but for the situations as the one in Colorado
it definatly wouldn't. These people killed themselves, it is obvious they
didn't give a fuck what happend to them. They wanted to make a statement
then go out with a bang (pun intended). And you know what? They succeeded.
Now everyone knows about them and knows (or thinks they know) why they did
it. They know they were people who were tired of being harrassed and wanted
it to stop. As I said before I disagree with this method of getting noticed,
but at the same time did they really have any better ways?

But back to what I said. Cameras and increased security in school will not 
stop situations like this. Same with gun control. With the amount of guns
in the US and the ease at which one can be purchased on the black market it
doesn't really matter. But there is a solution! It is just most people 
disagree with it.

Why not ban guns? Now sure everyone says it is our consitutional right to
bear arms. But who cares? Why do people have guns? They have them to kill
either animals or people or to protect themselves. What are they usually
protecting themselves from? People with guns. Yes I know it isn't like 
that all the time but the majority. When the consitution was written they
were talking about people having the right to have guns they took 5 mins
just to load and fire one shot, not the kind we have today that fire a
whole clip in seconds. Banning guns in several European countries has
worked to lower the crime rate there.. so why not here?

Well here are the reasons why. We have so many guns now would it really
matter? You might be able to stop the law-biding citizen from carrying
guns but what about the criminals who already have them? They don't
care about the laws now so why would that one stop them? And one of my
friends made a good point: they outlaw drugs and crack down on them, but
that hasn't stopped people from getting and using drugs. 

I really don't know if it would work or not. To be honest I see this is
a no win situation. Inreasing security and having the government try to
enfore more laws will not get us anywhere, if anything it will piss of
all the people who think the government has too much power as it is. I
think the solution is in better education. Now I am not just talking
about intelligence because I heard the killers were A students. I am
talking about educations of people about people. I think Andrew Carnegie
said it best "Teach a man to be a good citizen and you have solved the 
problem of life." 

And the news is now just covered with bullshit that is going to freak
everyone out. I just say one news reporter say how there are "teens
everywhere, listen to violent music, wear black, they call themselves
goths." What the fuck is that bullshit! I know some goths.. they might
dress weird.. they might listen to freaky music.. but they are just
like anyone else for the most part. They like to have fun and they
are just expressing hemselves by the way they dress. I have a black
leather coat and listen to some music that talks about killing people.
BIG FUCKING DEAL. I am not gonna go out and try to kill anyone because
of that. And do these people even really know what goths are? The news
is saying it is all these marilyn manson wannabes who are goths. How
fucked up is that. They are saying goths are racist and shit. Some 
probably are. But so are some country loving hillbillys too. Now the
media is blowing this whole fuckin shit out of proportion and I can 
see all these peopel who are going to be harrassed just because they
like to dress differently. Oh well. People should stop trying to attack
what they don't understand.