+-+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|S|-------[The Holy Bible © 1997-1998 Self-Induced Negativity]-------------| 
+-+---------------------------[Summer Vacation]----------------------------+ 
|I|----------------------------[By: HoGs HeaD]-----------------------------|
+-+----------------------[Released: August 4, 1998]------------------------+
|N|-----------------------[http://www.sinnerz.com]-------------------------|
+-+------------------------------------------------------------------------+


	Joe drove upwards of the mountains. He was going to go to his
cabin with his fiance, because he really didn't have much time to spend with 
her. He had to support their luxurious lifestyle. They drove the Jaguar X15 
carefully due to the luggage above. "This will make up for what time I've 
missed with you," Joe said. His fiance answered politely with a simple "Of 
course." Around and up they kept going, until they finally got there. 
	A small wooden cabin, with hot springs close by. Trees surrounded the 
cabin on all sides around. The weather was outstanding. "Here we are," Joe 
told his fiance, "all alone and in peace." They grabbed their small amount of 
baggage and opened the door to the cabin. "The locals furnish this house and 
leave the food here." Joe's fiance told him. Joe nodded. The house was a 
one-roomer, with a sink, an oven, some cabinets, and a fireplace. A couch and 
table lay in front of it. A bed for one lay in the corner. They first decided 
to take a dip in the hot springs, because it was a cool day and they wanted 
to relax a little before unpacking.
	The springs were very relaxing, and it almost made you forget that 
you were alive. They both drifted off into their own little worlds.
	When their eyes opened, the sun was setting. It was time to go inside 
and eat some dinner. "I'll make some hotdogs, honey. You can stay here, I'll 
be back out and turn the outside light on." She nodded weakly, and relaxed 
again.
	Joe started to get everything prepared for dinner. Outside, a man 
approached out of the wooded area. He looked like a hunter, toting a gun and 
a large array of knives. "Howdy, ma'am... I was wondering if you had any 
water here? I'm pretty beat." She looked up at the man and figured, hell, why
not. As she raised herself out of the pool, the man threw a chop with the 
broad of his hand into her throat. She fell on the ground, gasping, trying to 
scream. He whispered, "Now, don't try anything funny." He removed a knife 
from his belt, and removed her button up shirt by ripping it off. He fondled 
her breasts for a few seconds, then slapped them in anger. "Not fucking 
flappy enough!," he yelled. He held her by the throat as he cut each breast 
slowly from her chest. He did it with the precision of a surgeon but without 
the aid of pain killers. As blood gushed from her gaping chest wounds, he 
kicked her with his steel-toed boot in the cunt, and she fell into the water 
with a groan. He grabbed her by the back of her head, picked up a large rock, 
and smashed her face repeatedly. Her skin began to loosen and tear from her 
once beautiful face. Her eyeballs looked around, and her nose was smashed 
into the side of her face. Her teeth were hanging from the gums, and blood 
was choking her. He then wrapped his hands around her throat and pressed. His 
thumbs entered her throat and her breathing became a labored wheeze. She then 
died, and fell, exposing her bloody chest and splattered face as she floated 
in the pool.
	Joe went out with the hotdogs, and saw the man with his fiance's 
breasts held closely together. Joe looked on in awe as the man inserted and 
removed his penis from in between his fiance's bloody breasts. He finally 
burst his load all over the breasts and his own shoes. "FUCKING SHIT! NOW I 
HAVE TO WASH MY FUCKING SHOES!!!," he screamed. He saw Joe, and looked at Joe 
like he had violated him. Joe bolted for the door, and locked it well. He 
stayed up all night, as the man pounded and yelled at the door. In the 
morning the pounding had stopped. "I can leave," Joe thought, "and get the 
police! But he could be waiting outside for me. I'll have to leave sometime 
though. There's no food left. I have to make a break for it!"
	He unbolted the door quickly, and ran straight out to the car. He got 
in, locked the door, and began to start it. But he had left the key inside. 
Shit. He looked around, to make sure the man was not there. Pretty confident 
he wasn't, he ran inside, locked the door, and grabbed his keys. At that 
instant he heard banging on all sides of the house, and voices, too. "COME 
OUT HERE YOU RICH PRICK FAGGOT! LET'S SEE WHAT YOU'VE GOT PUSSY BOY!!!" 
Voices yelled from all sides of the house. He grabbed a pocket knife, and 
went outside. A circle of men were around the house. He looked over in the 
pool, now red, his dead wife rotting in her own blood.
	The men seized him easily. They put him up against the hood of his 
car, and pulled his pants and boxers down to his ankles. The hunter who had 
killed his fiance started. He fondled his buttocks, then rammed his gigantic 
dick into his tight asshole. Joe screamed out in pain. Man after man had 
their turn, and did their own style of assramming-rhythm only limited by 
their enjoyment. The last man lit a lighter. He heated a knife to the point 
of it being red hot, and then inserted the slender cutting tool into his 
rectum. Further up and up he went, until his fist got as far as it could get 
inside of him. Burnt flesh smoke rose in the air, as Joe screamed out in 
pain. But no one who cared could hear him. He was alone. Suddenly, a burly 
man grabbed his cock, and severed it one centimeter every second with his 
large knife. When it was finally seperated, he went into the cabin with his 
penis. He came back about five minutes later, while the men outside taunted 
him and stuck their fingers in his asshole with lust in their eyes.
	The man who went in the house came out with a hotdog. "YOU WANT TO 
HAVE A HOTDOG, FUCKER!? THIS ONE'S ON THE FUCKING HOUSE!!!" He shoved his 
now cooked penis wrapped in bun into his mouth, and smashed it into his face 
with his hand. "EAT, YOU FUCK, EAT!" He reluctantly ate the dickdog, as blood 
gushed from where his sextool used to reside.
	After this, they ripped the keys from Joe's hands, and Joe began to 
whimper. What were they going to do next? He soon found out.
	One man removed from his backpack a vial of super glue, and a roll 
of ducktape, and some rope. They started his Jaguar. "Pucker up," one man 
said as he pressed Joe's lips against the burning hot muffler. He applied 
the superglue, and then the ducktape to his quivering lips. Then they tied 
him up upside down on the back of the car, spread eagled with his head 
facing the road. "You ever smoked cigarettes, boy?" He shook his head. The 
man in the car revved the engine, and carbon monoxide shot into his lungs, 
and wouldn't stop. His vision began to fade. The car started to move down the 
curving road. As he saw his last vision of the road below turning into a 
steep ravine, his vision stopped working.  So did the rest of his body.