+-+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|S|---------[The Holy Bible © 1997-2000 Self-Induced Negativity]-----------| 
+-+------------[Demonic Advocation through Reverse Annoyance]--------------+ 
|I|------------------------------[By: sewz]--------------------------------|
+-+---------------------[Released: January 3, 1999]------------------------+
|N|-----------------------[http://www.sinnerz.com]-------------------------|
+-+------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Demonic Advocation
------------------
        Always be the devils advocate. I cannot emphisize this anymore then 
what is stated. Doing this falls in the catagory of "Never give up". Never
give up the asperation to win a good stimulating, debate slash(/) conversation.
If you have claimed to have proof of a theory that is outright stupid, 
proove it through lies and deception, this teknique is also called 'cover
your ass'.


Why?
        Being that 'one guy' who always throws a stick into the spokes of
conversation, is quite pleasurable. It gives you that extra unf to go on.
With all semi-intelligent debates, there is always a flat line, or a 
conclusion, where the party conducting the conversation comes to an
agreement on the talk on hand. I dont like conversations to end like this,
and nor should you, the reader of this text. When this conversation
is seeminly settled, always retort with a radical, left-winged comment
that totally stirs up the emotions of the prior speakers.


        Its rather simple to find weakness's in the majority of the people
you are conversing with. Not physical weakness's but mental weakness's.
You dont want to pick on one individual, But find more of a global
weakness point. But for the Devils advocate newbie, here is a little
rundown on some ways of finding personal (from individual to individual)
weakness's:


[1]
The race of the person is always a good starting point, if your white, and
the person is of another ethnic origin, this is a great place to be in.
The race issue is so biased its not even funny. Being white, you can 
easily say just about anything about another race and stir up some violent
emotions, yet if your of non-white origin, starting a race war with a
white person might be a slight bit harder, since political correctivness
has not yet hit the caucasion community. AKA, whites usually dont mind
being called a honkey.


[2]
The sex (and all things related to sex) of the person is a good start 
also, no, not the usual "does size really matter?" bull, but picking out
an old sterotype or even saying that "<sex>'s do not really understand the
<topic in question>, becuase <sex> doesnt have the physical attributes to
know what it is like to do <topic in question>, body chemistry only allows
<sex>'s to do <topic in question's debate module>, so all <sex>'s stop
disputing the facts!" This always gets the opposite sex all worked up into
a huff. We are all too ready to jump down the throat of a sexist.


[3]
Religion can sometimes be used with obviously blatent bible thumpers, but
before you do so, make sure you know what your talking about. Bible
thumpers may be seriously ill, but they really do know the bible, so dont
go quoting things that you just thought of off the top of your head. On
the other hand it is really easy to keep a dispute going with a highly
religous person, for they are usually following the same guide as a Devils
Advocate Guru. In other words, they are always looking for a good fight,
seeminly for the good lord himself.


[4]
School violence advocation and agreement will always strike a chord with
individual's. Thanks to the invention of television, their minds are
washed and we can freely dispute the fact that some school voilence goes
along with reasoning, and not what msnbc says, where person[A] killed
person[B], becuase person[A] liked to play to doom.


        To make this list alot shorter, lets just say this, find the most
politically correct aspect of the person in question and push the candy
like red button of asshole, sit back and enjoy the ride.


        Finding a Global Medium of weakness is not much differnt from
finding individual weakness's. Usually you can find a subject in which
everyone objects or doesnt object in. These topics come in best when using
reverse annoyance.


Reverse Annoyance
-----------------
        Reverse annoyance is slightly offset Demonic Advocation teknique.
What reverse Annoyance basically means is, finding the stereotypical,
widley hated object or newspeice, and saying "you know I really like
<globally hated topic>". I will give a few real life examples of how
Reverse Annoyance works.


        The setting is your average everyday, on college campus coffee
shop. Intelligence likes to think this is where you go for meaningful
conversation, but now were here, intelligence is so, so wrong. The
waitress kindly hands you a cup of coffee and you walk out into the main
floor to look for some good hearted people to sit with..and tear them a
new asshole.


        You spot a small crowd twards the back, you know, where the fake
fireplace sits to make the spot 'oh the more merrier'. You take your black
coffee (yes black, thats the color of darkness, we do this becuase we are
pure evil..Pure evil does not need light to thrive), you walk slowly 
twards the cluster of coffeeshop creeps, sit down, look into the eyes of 
the dread-locked one and say "The telly tubbies fucking rule!"


        They laugh at you mockingly, but you someone maintain a straight
face, you keep on staring into the dread-locked ones eyes.


You grimace.
"I find tinky winky to be the cutest" you growl.


        It isnt a joke anymore, and the clique realizes it. The smile
wiped off the face of the hippy, as he leans over and retort's


"The telly tubbies are gay....Isnt that right guys?"
"yeah who the fuck watches that gay shit, its just dumb" says one of the
minions.


Oh...its on.....


        "The telly tubbies are post apocalyptic metaphors for the nuclear
winter, which will entail the children born of the atom, a new race, a
domination. The telly tubbies are mere slaves to their own world, a world
of psuedo-everything, the eye of the ground will apear, hypnotising all of
which are its jesters. I find any human being who does not see this in the
show right off the bat, to be ignorant shit eating peices of bobbit 
chunk. Goddamn I love them!"


****
        
        Reverse annoyance is the art of finding a quirk in discussion, a
common hate, somthing that we as adults (in majority) are outcasted for,
for not disliking, and then turning that boat around and shoving the
counter of the hated topic right in their face.


        The differences between Normal Devil advocatecy, and Reverse
annoyance is the fact that when you are playing the devils advocate you
are simply arguing, while reverse annoyance is first off, finding a topic,
then saying what the other does not want to hear, somthing unexpected, in
order to piss off the opposing person or persons.


        The reason reverse annoyance works, and the arguments are easily
won is the fact that, topics that reverse annoyance entails are topics
that the oppossing side has no background or backing of why their view is
right, and if there is reasoning, they are far and between. Just try to
think of 5 reasons why you hate the tellitubbies besides the fact that
they are 2cute4u, or "stupid". Define stupid in the tellytubbie sense. The
fact is, with subject matters such as these, people dont REALLY understand
why they dislike the matter so much, its just a given, and they expect
everyone else to have the same view, becuase hell, in most cases, people
do...We dont.


Reverse Annoyance through Demonic Advocation
--------------------------------------------
People will hate you.


        Its a way of life. Dont go to a party expecting to be the life of
the scene, go to the party expecting to be the guy everyone hates. You can
gain more recognition and psuedo-popularity through being that guy who
nobody likes. This type of advocation is a way of life becuase the things  
you do, the things you say, are a total reverse of who and what you really
are, its your life, but much more controllable. When you live your life as
who you really are, your chances at popularity is 50/50, while living your
life as a demonic advocate, your chances of popularity is 0/100. None of
that mabye yes mabye no, its a win every time. You know your chances, and
they are on your side every time when you are in this state of being,
because no matter what happens, you win. Stuberness to the outside world,
fact to yourself.


        Dont fuck around, get to the point, let your mind go, forget tact,
forget ethics, talk at the speed of thought, let what comes out, race 
ahead of what is being processed, this way more radical statements can be
made. Remember, You are always right, always. What better way to live life, 
then to know, that you are always right?